Update selenium.md (#1924)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/113-qa/content/103-qa-automated-testing/100-frontend-automation/102-automation-frameworks/selenium.md

# Selenium

> Selenium is an open-source tool that automates web browsers. It provides a single interface that lets you write test scripts in programming languages like Ruby, Java, NodeJS, PHP, Perl, Python, and C#, among others.
> 
> Note: To get started with Selenium latest version (WebDriver-based implementation), you'll only need a single selenium jar file (selenium-standalone-server-'{'version'}'.jar) to run tests both locally and on remote devices. This JAR file contains W3C-standard WebDriver API and Selenium Grid, along with Selenium Server (for existing users of deprecated Selenium RC implementation).
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.browserstack.com/selenium'>Selenium Tutorial</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Selenium is an open-source tool that automates web browsers. It provides a single interface that lets you write test scripts in programming languages like Ruby, Java, NodeJS, PHP, Perl, Python, and C#, among others.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='blue' badgeText='Official Website' href='https://www.selenium.dev/'>Selenium's Official Website</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://www.browserstack.com/selenium'>Selenium Tutorial</BadgeLink>
```
